docs: Process deferred accounting docs (#678)
frappe/erpnext_com: erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/process-deferred-accounting.md

> # Process Deferred Accounting

Reviewer: add file path in contents.md

> **Process Deferred Accounting is a log which is created on every deferred revenue or expense processing**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Process Deferred Accounting is a log which is created on processing every deferred revenue or expense.**
```

> Process Deferred Accounting record is automatically created on deferred revenue or expense booking through a background job and the user can also create a record for manual deferred expense or revenue booking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Process Deferred Accounting records are automatically created on booking Deferred Revenue or Expense. It is done via a background job but the user can also create a record for manual Deferred Revenue or Expense booking.
```

To access the Process Deferred Accounting list, go to:
> Home > Accounting > General Ledger > Process Deferred Accounting 

## 1. Prerequisites

> Before creating and using a Process Deferred Accounting, it is advised to understand the following first:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating and using a Process Deferred Accounting, it is advised to create and understand the following first:
```

* [Deferred Revenue](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/deferred-revenue)
* [Deferred Income](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/deferred-expense)

## 2. How to create a Process Deferred Accounting
1. Go to Process Deferred Accounting list, click on New.

> 1. Enter Company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter the Company.
```

1. Select the type of deferred accounting process. Select 'Income' for booking deferred revenue or select 'Expense' for booking deferred expense
1. Expand the posting date.

> 1. Enter service start date and service end date. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter service Start Date and End Date. 
```

1. Save and Submit.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Process Deferred Revenue" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/accounts/process-deferred-accounting.png">

## 3. Features

### 3.1 On Submitting

> On submitting a Process Deferred Accounting document GL Entries for deferred revenue or expense booking will be created for all the invoices falling between the service start and service end date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On submitting a Process Deferred Accounting document, GL Entries for deferred revenue or expense booking will be created for all the invoices falling between the service Start Date and End Date.
```

> Enter account if deferred revenue or expense has to be booked only for specific deferred income or expense account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter the account if Deferred Revenue or Expense has to be booked only for specific deferred income or expense account
```

### 3.2 Enabling automatic deferred accounting

> To enable automatic deferred accounting enable the checkbox 'Automatically Process Deferred Account Entry' checkbox by navigating to Accounts Settings 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable automatic deferred accounting, enable the 'Automatically Process Deferred Account Entry' checkbox by navigating to Accounts Settings 
```
